= Ruby-Stemmer

Ruby-Stemmer exposes SnowBall API to Ruby.

This package includes libstemmer_c library released under BSD licence 
and available for free at: http://snowball.tartarus.org/dist/libstemmer_c.tgz.

For details about libstemmer_c please check libstemmer_c/README or http://snowball.tartarus.org.

== What id does?

The stemming process is an algorithm to allow one to find the stem of an word (not the root of it).
For further reference on stem vs. root, please check wikipedia articles on the topic:

* http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stem_%28linguistics%29
* http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Root_%28linguistics%29

== Install

=== Standard install with:

 gem install ruby-stemmer

Please not that Windows is not supported at this time.

=== Development version

  $ git clone git://github.com/aurelian/ruby-stemmer.git
  $ cd ruby-stemmer
  $ rake -T #<== see what we've got
  $ rake ext
  $ rake test

== TODO



== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project from github: http://github.com/aurelian/ruby-stemmer
* Make your feature addition or bug fix: http://github.com/aurelian/ruby-stemmer/issues
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.

  if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
  bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Aurelian Oancea. See MIT-LICENSE for details.

== Contributors



== Real life usage



